# Several-Points-To-Be-Noted-In-The-Production-Process-Of-Silicone-Rubber
Several Points To Be Noted In The  <a href="http://www.goloho-polymer.com/news/industry-news/several-points-to-be-noted-in-the-production.html" >silicone production process</a>Of Silicone Rubber   
Compared with general-purpose rubber, all three types of silicone rubber have a relatively simple compounding component, and so does the heat-vulcanized type. In addition to raw rubber, the compounding agent mainly includes reinforcing agent, vulcanizing agent and some special auxiliaries. Generally, only 5~6 components can be used to form a practical formula. The silicone rubber formulation design should take into account the following points.  1.If silicon rubber is highly saturated raw rubber, it can not be vulcanized by sulfur, but by heat. Thermal vulcanization uses organic peroxides as vulcanizing agents. Therefore, the rubber compounds must not contain active substances that can interact with peroxide decomposition products, otherwise they will affect vulcanization.  2.Silicone rubber products are generally used at high temperatures, and the compounding agent should be stable at high temperatures. For this reason, inorganic oxides are usually used as reinforcing agents. In summer, it is a hot, humid and rainy climate. One of the characteristics of silicone rubber is that it is breathable. When the air humidity is high, the moisture in the air will be absorbed. When dry, the moisture in the rubber will slowly evaporate. It is recommended that the rubber compound be sealed and placed in a cool, ventilated and dry place to avoid high temperature and sunlight. Increasing the absorption of moisture may cause air bubble problems. It is recommended to order a small number of times and follow the principle of “first in, first out”.  3.Silicone rubber is liable to cause cracking and rearrangement of siloxane bonds under the action of a trace amount of a polar chemical such as an acid or a base, resulting in a decrease in heat resistance of the silicone rubber. Therefore, the choice of compounding agents must take into account their acidity and alkalinity, while also taking into account the acidity of the peroxide decomposition products, so as not to affect the performance of the vulcanizate.
